Quincy Marek
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello again.
Lyndsey Lorett: Hey there.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When a check. I'm checking with the folks in virtual clinic and they have been so busy. They haven't been able to respond to me quickly. Did you happen to go in there first and say, Hey, I'm meeting with when
Lyndsey Lorett: Know, should I, should I have done that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect timing, because all start a note. While you do that and I'll let them know that you're on your way also.
Gwenevere Abriel: Awesome. Okay, I'll see you, you can text me like, Oh, I'll take it forever or maybe you'll come right back, but you can stay with me. I'll be staying in here, but I also have my phone. Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, whoops, that's not gonna help anybody
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh my goodness. That was pretty picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I love that Photoshop and get rid of all the problems.
Lyndsey Lorett: I hope, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I should have been wondering how you're doing. So I saw that little text. I was like, wait, what
Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: Our
Lyndsey Lorett: power went out my none of our phones charged, but specifically mine with the alarm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So, no big deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't strike me as someone who's this is going to be like a whole habitual thing, so I'm not worried about it. Okay, we're here today.
Lyndsey Lorett: Missing appointments, it bothers me so much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I get it. You know what we, we've got to leave room for for life, getting in the way. You know, sometimes I'll say, I'll say, well, I'll be there, God willing
Lyndsey Lorett: Universe lets me
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's right but God willing, is so much snappier versus universe willing. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't like that, just to make it easy. I
Lyndsey Lorett: Get it. Yeah, okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: Your favorite color to wear white
Gwenevere Abriel: It. You know why Dr brielle has warned wife for years. That's all she ever wears. And I was like, that's just ridiculous. And now I do it.
Lyndsey Lorett: I think it's beautiful. I love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have other colors. I love black free. It's such a great, but you know what I end up putting this on it so i don't know i think i don't know my so easy to get dressed in the morning. Everything matches.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, but do you come home at the end of the day, clean, is the question.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do I come home plate. Well, I never leave my home.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: So a home office.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, I get it now. Very nice. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yes, I do. It seems like a cheerful kind of happy color.
Yes.
Lyndsey Lorett: Makes me look like a tan. It does, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh well, I should have been thinking about you and wondering what it was like to have talked with me, and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Have gone back to that house. What was that like
Lyndsey Lorett: Um,
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, I can. I couldn't. I can't tell ya, I'm just doing things, you know, like, I'm just going along. Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you were in what I would call crisis yesterday.
Lyndsey Lorett: Was I
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, he was
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He reached out for help and you got it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe this man thinking more like on Monday. You were in crisis, I would say.
Lyndsey Lorett: Monday I was in crisis. Yes, there we go. Because Sunday, Sunday is when we watched the home videos.
Gwenevere Abriel: meatloaf and crazy videos.
Lyndsey Lorett: I remember meatloaf and home videos. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did remember you're remembering right now.
Lyndsey Lorett: I do, I am starting to write things down.
Lyndsey Lorett: Which I normally don't take the time to do, but I feel like when I feel like I can't stand up for myself, I need to write it down. When I can't remember certain things I need to write it down and maybe rereading will trigger something in my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to tell me about today to remember a little bit about today.
Yes.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, so when when I got up.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um,
Lyndsey Lorett: And I don't even remember what happened. I don't know, just this um
Lyndsey Lorett: We're really getting tired of each other and for families to already have a weird dynamic. It's just each day is just like
Lyndsey Lorett: Like nails across the chalkboard.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, and we all have to deal with each other's moods and um
Lyndsey Lorett: And so I kind of just kept to myself today because yesterday I got yelled at for something. I couldn't control.
Lyndsey Lorett: And I didn't really want to engage and be around them today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was this yelling from from Lori.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Lyndsey Lorett: Because we did group. And then I had a problem with my prescription and I was there for several hours, um,
Lyndsey Lorett: I came home and got yelled at.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't remember what it was.
Lyndsey Lorett: That I was that I was gone.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it that you were gone, or they were worried or that you didn't tell them, you'd be gone that long are you are borrowing the car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or they expect dinner. Like, what were the young about
Lyndsey Lorett: They were mad that I was gone for five hours and they they said that I didn't communicate with them, where I was, which isn't true and I pulled it up and show my proof that I had texted and called
Lyndsey Lorett: And
Lyndsey Lorett: Their response was, Well, we didn't get we didn't receive that
Gwenevere Abriel: The device. I'm assuming you're using your phone.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your any chance that you could set me down.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh yes, you like to be sat down. Haha.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, just a second.
Lyndsey Lorett: Plastic okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So is there ever any justification for being yelled at that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are deserving of being yelled at. Is there ever a good justification for that.
Lyndsey Lorett: No know I'm a, I'm a pretty approachable person. And so if if you don't choose to tell me how you're feeling and I'm not a mind reader. I don't know that these things bother you.
Lyndsey Lorett: And so apparently being gone by others.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember, well you may not remember that's okay. We did some work we did some really powerful stuff. But it just may not have been remembered you were in so much distress. It wouldn't surprise me that some of this stuff didn't stick
Lyndsey Lorett: That about breathing.
Lyndsey Lorett: In a relaxed state. No, I remembered. That's why I didn't react, though.
Lyndsey Lorett: I would have yelled back I breathe my way through it. I have a couple of times, because it was a little ridiculous because I couldn't control it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, and then that was it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a little like a sigh like half like that.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, beautiful. I can't control it. You did the breathing were able to remember. I can't control. I can't control. And so if we rehearse it even more today. We say, I can't control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nor do I have a right to change this woman's opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Lyndsey Lorett: Should Say that again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't control, nor do I have a right to change this woman's opinion there you is it works both ways. Mm hmm. So that that can calm the resentment down
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have a right to change this woman's opinion. What I don't like is the delivery that I don't like the delivery is unsettling. And it is a bit violent. The yelling, don't you think
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do. Mm hmm. If you're not a yeller. You're quite approachable. Her delivery is problematic.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have a right to change Lori. I don't have a right to change your opinion, but you're yelling at me. It doesn't work for me. So I'll talk to you a little later. And off you go.
Lyndsey Lorett: Wow, that would, that is really well put exactly how I would like to put it actually
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll get there but it starts with that breath because you ever and I always call it like the fancy talk, I'll say, well, we'll do some fancy things in here, and it'll all be forgotten, because
Gwenevere Abriel: But eventually, eventually, it does get remember it does
Lyndsey Lorett: You forgotten it needs to be practiced and used
Gwenevere Abriel: What you did the breathing.
I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantastic, and you want to
Lyndsey Lorett: Do you think that's why I remembered
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we practiced it. Is that what you're thinking.
Lyndsey Lorett: Because I actually use the breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, definitely. That means that you were in a Connor body, the blood got to your brain, where you could think to yourself,
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't control this woman's behavior. I can't control the situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why am I going to yell back argue back it's pointless. I can't change. So all I'm doing is taking I'm taking what you were already doing which already came naturally to them and adding a little bit more to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might dial down any resentment or anger that you may have about her behavior.
Lyndsey Lorett: is boring.
Gwenevere Abriel: Chill, you are, the easier it'll be able to remember the fancy talk
Gwenevere Abriel: And write the little, little tricks about how to
Gwenevere Abriel: Use boundaries, how to set limits how to basically say no gracefully.
Lyndsey Lorett: I love that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, so it's hmm So someone's coming after you with their opinion. That's what, that's what I was saying, if we can do the breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're still yelling, remember
We say
Gwenevere Abriel: I will give some consideration to how much of that is true for me. The yelling doesn't work for me. I'll come back a little later.
That's it, you're done.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I envision in my head that just blowing up.
Gwenevere Abriel: No way. It isn't a thing is blowing up know there's, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the it, it blows up. What do you mean it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll either blow up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, blow up.
Lyndsey Lorett: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You mean by it helped me understand what's it, it will blow up.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's kind of like a
Lyndsey Lorett: domino effect because if I reply and I upset her. Then I upset. Tom and then drew gets involved and he just makes everything worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so argue with me. I want you to come back with. Let's see how long it lasts can
Gwenevere Abriel: You can give me your worst. Don't worry about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can pull in a Tom, you can pull in a Drew, but let's shoot, but really listen to what I'm saying, and see what would happen. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Come at me with a lorry spiel. Come at me with your best criticism of my being away for five hours.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, that I'm Lori and I'm going to tell you why. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then Tom and then drew you just have it have it domino
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, so I, I would say.
Lyndsey Lorett: You really threw off our schedule being gone for five hours. You didn't commute to communicate with us where you were. We didn't know what time you would be home and it really just
Lyndsey Lorett: affected our day in a negative way. And with the coronavirus going on. You don't need to be out anywhere, period.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, I've really upset. Everyone in the house with my being gone for five hours. Mm hmm.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, do I have to reply to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well just think about it. I'm you.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it domino after what I just
Lyndsey Lorett: Said, as you really have upset, us being gone five hours drew Drew is here probably and going to get into it and
Lyndsey Lorett: You just, you need to be home with us. You don't need to be out running around.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you'd like me to just stay home and not be running around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Yeah, I can see how important this is to you. I really can
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know what she would say to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, where's the domino keep it going. If you said there's going to be a domino and keep it going.
Well,
Lyndsey Lorett: The. Okay, so our conversation would end your ears and eyes.
Lyndsey Lorett: And then as soon as I left the room.
Lyndsey Lorett: As soon as I left the room, there would be arguing about what just took place.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would she say about what I said, What would she say to true or to Tom
Lyndsey Lorett: Drew would yell at her probably and say, Why are you being like this to her. You don't need to make her mad.
Lyndsey Lorett: You've got to stop doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but I want to know how it sounded when Lori talked about what I just said. I want to hear what does she say about what I said.
Lyndsey Lorett: I can never really understand, word for word. It's just like high pitch.
Lyndsey Lorett: Words that I can't make out all the time.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what did I say I know we're getting asked all the characters. We're just going to come back to one of your therapist. I was pretending to be you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you
Gwenevere Abriel: Say, what did you hear me say
Lyndsey Lorett: I heard you say that you were sorry
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't say I'm sorry absolutely did not
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, I did not.
Lyndsey Lorett: You started with something for being gone for five hours. Oh, I see me being gone. Sorry. See, not sorry I see me being gone for five hours is really important to you.
Lyndsey Lorett: Maya.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not bad, not bad. But notice how you felt that I had apologized. Notice that you felt it even though I didn't say I'm sorry I
Lyndsey Lorett: Felt it. I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't say it.
You didn't
Lyndsey Lorett: Why do I feel like you said, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm showing empathy because I didn't defend myself and all I did was show active listening. And I said, in addition, this is really important to you and I'm going to really give it's really think about what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I did not apologize. I didn't do anything. Pocket apologize.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you felt it.
Lyndsey Lorett: I did, yeah. I still do.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's recorded. I can always double check myself maybe I accidentally did but it's very, very, it's a very specific thing and apology. So I'm quite precise about it.
Lyndsey Lorett: I
Gwenevere Abriel: If I say this, I'm sorry. You feel that way people are going to feel condescended to and that's going to piss them off. So I don't say it very often, unless it's an actual apology.
Gwenevere Abriel: It seems like a word game but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's important because in those moments I want to really both hold on to myself. I didn't do anything wrong.
Lyndsey Lorett: Right, that's how I
Will you didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: You are also in a commune t. So, it had an impact.
Gwenevere Abriel: They both exist. They exist at the same time, how we navigate that. How do we do it gracefully. How do I not let go of my truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And still see
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone else that's empathy and that's all I did is I listened to you. I listened. I changed my you already have the tongue part down pat, you have a great tone of voice. Very sweet, very caring
Gwenevere Abriel: That needs to change around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just about how to not let go in here. You, you got a right
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're bothered by the fact that someone would find fault with you just live in your life. And so you're kind of still caught in that I haven't done anything wrong.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, I like in high school, like I was getting in trouble for going to a friend's out. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't do anything wrong. And the difference between you and I, is well, huge, right. I'm not in it. I'm not in the in the thick of it, but I don't think automatically
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something wrong with me. I've done something wrong. I don't go there. I really try to listen. I was listening really listening to your words like what's your concern like really truly not preparing my response just
Lyndsey Lorett: How do you just listen and not prepare a response because you're gonna have to respond when they're done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, watch, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say there's this shield and even though people will come at you with anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing's going to actually penetrate they're going to come at you with names accusations and demands.
Lyndsey Lorett: Names accusations and demands.
Gwenevere Abriel: That come at you with those
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but it doesn't get through. There's this little like shield. Maybe it's like a balloon or you can picture, some kind of transparent barrier that you can still be looking at them and you can still hear them. But that stuff doesn't touch you.
Lyndsey Lorett: So you're like,
Gwenevere Abriel: And instead, you can see, ah, they're afraid of something
Gwenevere Abriel: And so instead I tune into that and that means if they're afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't need to be angry if they're afraid they must be threatened by me. Well, I don't need to pop up. I'm fine. I was only on for I was taking care of business. In fact, I was darn near super inconvenience. I wish someone would listen to me.
Lyndsey Lorett: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a different mindset is I'm going to see past as if swiping right. I'm just going to see past the anger and I'm going to try to tap into their concern, they're worried about something they're afraid of something
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where I meet them. I meet them there. And that's what this shield can do. It's like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm listening, see my face I'm listening to them. Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah yeah I was I was gone for five hours. I didn't tell anybody. You guys didn't know didn't know. Now I'm not waiting to contradict it with my little phone. I've got the facts on my side.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't matter because guess what she's gonna go and tell a lie in the other room. Anyway, what difference does it make whether you got your fancy facts. Doesn't matter.
Lyndsey Lorett: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me go complain to Tom and drew. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then, what difference does it make you might as well have a peaceful moment with with Lori.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do you differently. That's the only thing we really have control over. So you put up the shield and like I'm over here.
Breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing my breathing.
Lyndsey Lorett: But now, my heart is pounding.
Lyndsey Lorett: Pounding right now when you just said that because I feel like they're trying to take that away from me.
Yeah.
They can't. I can't.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you can have peace anytime you want. It will shift this perceived threat and then we shifted, we say, well, this if I don't look at her as a threat. I
Gwenevere Abriel: defend myself. Obviously, I know I was communicating. I have my text. So, something else is going on. She's like picking a fight with me, it seems like I wonder what's
Gwenevere Abriel: Lori's afraid of them. It really listened to her coronavirus and okay you you almost seem okay so she seems like she's worried about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, worried about the family like I might those hours I might bring something back. All right, she's scared of something on listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I don't have the time in that moment to go through each one of her rant details.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. I don't have time. So what I do is I do a carte blanche statement of
Gwenevere Abriel: It really does seem like I've upset you guys so very much by being gone five hours. I'm going to really think about. And you mentioned something about don't do it again. I'm going to give that
Gwenevere Abriel: give that some thought and I'll see how much of that is true for me, you know, you said that it was insensitive on I'm going to go spend some time thinking about that.
Lyndsey Lorett: That was that's very well said yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I did not apologize.
Lyndsey Lorett: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What I said was
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the truckload that you just delivered. I will go take a toothpick and I will go, I will go see how much is true for me.
Lyndsey Lorett: It sounds much nicer. The way you said it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in my own little quiet defiance. I'm still flipping people to burn. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good inside. I'm still quite version of myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what I say is something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that's the fancy talk no way you're going to remember that fancy stuff if you aren't in a relaxed body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right won't remember. None of us will I don't, I can't remember all this stuff either final stage chill.
Lyndsey Lorett: I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: So those little phrases like I imagine that was hard for the whole family. Me being away and you not, not knowing where I was.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they'll say, yeah, yeah, it was really hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and you don't say anything you don't defend yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no. And then she doesn't have anything to fight against it's just air. There's nothing to
Lyndsey Lorett: That's what, that's what I thought it was trying to
Gwenevere Abriel: Second, watch what happened you brought up content.
Lyndsey Lorett: This is not
Gwenevere Abriel: On text was content. You just gave for something to hold on to argue about
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't give anybody any content they have nothing they can fight with me with what did I just say try and try and try and grab ahold of something you're going to fight with me.
Lyndsey Lorett: About what you just said your response.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so when I said
Gwenevere Abriel: I being gone for five hours really upset you guys
Lyndsey Lorett: There's not really anything you can come back with against that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how will it follow up. You said it will be a domino effect and it will blow up. How's it going to go down. If I say that if I just use empathy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just
Lyndsey Lorett: Setting that boundary or not even setting a boundary just not
Lyndsey Lorett: Giving it giving it over.
Lyndsey Lorett: Make her mad. That's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but what will she do
Gwenevere Abriel: So you'll be her. I'm going to do it again. You know her better. Let's do it. Give me your worst you backed away again. Gimme gimme gimme your best stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're living it every day. Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, here we go, here we go.
Lyndsey Lorett: You know what my heart.
Lyndsey Lorett: My heart is pounding.
Lyndsey Lorett: Give me just a
Lyndsey Lorett: Second to calm down.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm with you, girl. Nice to meet you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, few the back of your seat pressing up against your back. Feel the warmth of the seat of under your bottom and your legs feel it. You may not have noticed it for the last few seconds. Pay attention. Notice that the temperature of your arms. It's just a little different.
Gwenevere Abriel: And under your feel the texture of maybe a little bit of the t shirt on the forum.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you feel your hair on the back of your neck attention there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You notice how your fingers feel as you touch them with your right hand.
Lyndsey Lorett: Can you see me doing that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's a calming thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and that is that, and you already have it naturally you're regulating yourself. It's beautiful. Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: Ok I had heard
Lyndsey Lorett: OK, so I'm going back to pretend mode.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're Lori and I say to you after your original you came in May was your critique.
Gwenevere Abriel: My day
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, Laurie that I really upset. It sounds like everybody in the house of my being gone and you guys didn't know where I was for five hours, you guys. Sounds like you're worried around sort of the issue with the coronavirus
Lyndsey Lorett: Ah,
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know, like
Lyndsey Lorett: Some of the random his stuff comes out, we'd be talking about one thing. Okay. All right. I'm making excuses. Um, yes you are endangering the family by being out and ah we feel like if you cared. You wouldn't be out
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys. Oh, I can see why that would be so upsetting. I'm acting as if like, I don't care. All that time that I was away. Yeah, I could see why that would be so upsetting. I could see that that makes a lot of sense. It does.
Lyndsey Lorett: I think that's what what I replied with, actually.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, we're having the conversation. Okay, keep going. I told them I made a lot of sense. Um,
Lyndsey Lorett: And you through Oliver's routine off for the whole day and it just messed everything up. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dear. It certainly wasn't my intention. I certainly didn't mean to. How did I throw it off. Tell me, I want to know. So, so I understand more. What did I do tell me
Lyndsey Lorett: Well, you were gone from the house for five hours. Who do you think was watching Oliver for those five hours. Who do you think was changing his diaper for those five hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, were you when you watching him to do do some of that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, I hadn't the whole time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you so much for your help. I'm so grateful to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And to your parents and everyone in this House, so grateful. Thank you so very much.
Lyndsey Lorett: That would throw her off a little bit.
Lyndsey Lorett: That response.
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what. But the truth is I don't know what I would do with you. I don't know what I would have done these last five hours. I'm so grateful that you are here for Ali.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you Lori so much
Lyndsey Lorett: When I say thank you for things though she tends to think I'm being smart alec he
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's because it might sound like this. And thank you for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's different than the way I was doing it.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be kind of snippy snooty, we can get come across that way in our sorry I mean our, our gratitude can feel flip it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And get it.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Lyndsey Lorett: So I need to finesse that a little
Gwenevere Abriel: To actually believe it in the moment.
Lyndsey Lorett: I have to believe what I'm saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember I was telling you about the truckload
Gwenevere Abriel: You only believe it good to goodness pencil.
Yes.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, so I need to find the one thing
Lyndsey Lorett: grain of truth. Yes, to what they're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will change the course of the conversation will change your tone of voice, there won't be any of, well, I'm showing you gratitude. I thank you all the time and I pay you guys I do all these other things I show my gratitude and all these other ways right away I pitch pitch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that will ignite.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's different than
Gwenevere Abriel: I literally am grateful because I don't know what I might even be crying at this point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those five hours were so hard. I am so grateful to Lori what I just went through without you guys here. I don't know how I would have done it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's real those five hours suck you text me once, I bet you were having
Lyndsey Lorett: Big
Gwenevere Abriel: They stopped.
Lyndsey Lorett: And the pharmacist yelled at me.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yes. People trippin telling you so
Lyndsey Lorett: Is it overheating.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: cool air for a minute.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm going to turn the air on right now.
Lyndsey Lorett: About two minutes.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. How we doing
Lyndsey Lorett: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are things when I went and I got my master's degree. I never thought I would have to problem solve.
Lyndsey Lorett: The phone overheating that where do people normally do this at
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, some people are in their car, some people
Gwenevere Abriel: They are they'll have to go outside because they don't really want their family to hear some people
Gwenevere Abriel: In their office at work. Some people are fortunate enough that they can some of them jump in the bathroom, if you can believe it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of them have enough privacy that they can pull off in their bedroom, they can kind of have privacy.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of people are in their car.
Lyndsey Lorett: Then the one the only place I know I have privacy here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the downside is you're missing out on some of the really effective techniques. So we'll do this for a while, but then I'm going to be like begging you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To for you not we can keep doing the the cognitive behavioral stuff, but you won't get you won't get possibly the kind of trauma resolution that I think you're seeking
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, they my in laws would like me to do it in the house.
Lyndsey Lorett: With the computer.
Gwenevere Abriel: To hear everything
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, and
Lyndsey Lorett: I just keep saying it the HIPAA violation. Oh, I know what to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's fine. So, so other ways that people can pull this off they go to a library. They go to Starbucks. Now, right now, our whole life is upside down and now it's just like, okay, all bets are off. So it might be something like
Gwenevere Abriel: There's good Wi Fi somewhere you're out. Let's say I'm going to say something, then you'd problem solve, but it's like a park. Now of course we need Wi Fi and park at the same time, but you can picture that
Gwenevere Abriel: You could be outside of a particular building where you're seated. You want to be able to feel safe feel that it's private. But you also really need to have good connection.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of the things that I might invite you to do, assuming that you know you can move around a little bit would require standing
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Moving from one part of the screen, maybe a chair here maybe a chair there. So there's movement involved for some of the work that I do and this is the stuff that sticks, though, so
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, all right, we'll work it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't have to be today. So we'll stick until, until you know we kind of both come to terms and we say, well, I wonder if we need to do some of this little deeper work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Because right now. What you're talking about is immediate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perceived it's just this barrage of negativity. It's coming out. You just coming out. You coming out to you. So I want you to be able to to have skills to meet that distress in a way that you feel good about so we can do this for as long as you need.
Lyndsey Lorett: I appreciate that.
Lyndsey Lorett: I also feel like I have so many deeper issue.
Lyndsey Lorett: Then just my response to all of this. Um, and it kind of sucks that I have to do that first.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what if it doesn't, what if this gives you time to have confidence. What if it's building confidence about how you're going to meet difficult, challenging relationships difficult communication.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so then we have that history built in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say you and I maybe pull up a memory of some kind. And then if it gets distressing. I can remind you, and I can say you've done difficult things before
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember that. And you go, Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't know. Maybe that'll be the order of things.
Lyndsey Lorett: All right. That doesn't sound so bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't find any problem with the order I really don't. Because right now it you you can
Gwenevere Abriel: So we wait a little while. That's okay. Now let me ask you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just check in. How many hours of sleep. Are you getting
Lyndsey Lorett: Each night it varies
Lyndsey Lorett: I tend, a recent issue is falling asleep. Okay. And I'll close my eyes and then 20 minutes later when I haven't fallen asleep. I checked the phone and I'll do this for hours. Check the phone.
Lyndsey Lorett: To. But for the time
Lyndsey Lorett: See if anyone's talking
Gwenevere Abriel: To get a text I get how now how
Lyndsey Lorett: Ya know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got it. So 20 minutes time is it, how long have I been trying to sleep. Let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me try again.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. Then you look again. Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what have you tried to do to go back to
Lyndsey Lorett: When it's when it's like two in the morning and I haven't gone to sleep. Yet I will turn off. Don't laugh at me, Dr. Pimple Popper.
Lyndsey Lorett: On YouTube. I don't know why it just clears everything out of my head a watch it for five minutes and then I'm asleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Watch that
Lyndsey Lorett: It's disgusting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yes. But you know what, how often do you get to feel disgusted.
Gwenevere Abriel: How often do you feel disgusted.
Lyndsey Lorett: Every day when I change my wound
Gwenevere Abriel: Interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other time.
Lyndsey Lorett: Know like disgusted with my with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: With anything I found
Lyndsey Lorett: Yet, okay, yet on a real note. Yes.
Lyndsey Lorett: Anytime I'm cleaning or I don't
Lyndsey Lorett: They don't really wash their dishes. So I'll go to post something when I finally do get ready to eat. Um, I'll pull out a dish and it'll be dirty and I just lose my appetite all know or while we're eating together as a family, and they both choke on me like where they throw up.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, I'm in the middle of eating and I can't finish because I'm just so disgusted. Actually, yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I felt like I feel like that's really mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: All to be disgusted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Whoa.
Lyndsey Lorett: Why so high class, you can't eat off a dirty plate and like
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, no, no. So discussed is one of our core emotions. It's one of the ones we don't have any we don't have any control over that one.
Lyndsey Lorett: Who. That's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's right.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can mess around with with jealousy, a little bit or like okay I can probably put some cognitive reframing on some of it. I can manage. But this one in your face goes like this. Like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Yeah, that's when you know you're disgusted that's that's instinctual.
Lyndsey Lorett: Is it
Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: So my fiance. I would never let him do the dishes, because the same damn thing. And now I get why
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're disgusted with yourself.
Lyndsey Lorett: With my wounds. Yes.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's like a brain popping out of mice down and air.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll be like, like an alien movie or something, huh.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's gross.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up.
Lyndsey Lorett: It smells.
Lyndsey Lorett: Like all the fluid that comes out and mixes with all the stuff I'm using to soak it up and it creates a smell boy. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So every day. How many minutes do you have to sit with that that disgusting feeling
Lyndsey Lorett: Howdy about 30 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: Five minutes with Mr. Popper, and you're asleep.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, okay. What does that mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna I'm gonna, I want to think about it. I don't know. We'll go on this journey together.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, because I don't know why watching this explode just makes me not think about anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I think there's probably a correlation between the two. So you've got some, I mean the pop psychology would be there's some sort of discharge. There's an undoing. Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why we have compulsive behaviors is an undoing that happens when you see it something maybe gets validated something gets. I don't have to continue with some charged thought or there's something that gets probably released by being able to watch that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So until I come up with something else. That's my hypothesis.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'll stick with that, if you just read, though, you better let me know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to tell you to stop. I mean, if it's worth it puts you to sleep. Why on earth do you wait till five two in the morning. Why on earth are we not doing it at nine o'clock at night to get us newsy
Lyndsey Lorett: Because in my mind, I would like to lay down and go right to sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: These is tough times because right outside the door or some disgusting dishes. So what if we did it on purpose. Well, I wanted curious to know if we were like, okay, I want
Gwenevere Abriel: To get this done with I'm going to watch this for five minutes. I won't watch it for any less. This is on purpose is an intervention.
Gwenevere Abriel: So no minutes. Okay, I've got a 64 seconds so discussing really want to turn off. Nobody watch it for five minutes and then you turn it off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, instead do it at when's your bedtime. When do you kind of
Lyndsey Lorett: Want at nine. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What time you getting up in the morning. I see how many hours you're getting there. If you actually went to sleep at nine.
Lyndsey Lorett: So, um, I get up between, like, eight, nine.
So let's see, that's
Lyndsey Lorett: 123456 know if I really went to sleep at nine I probably couldn't sleep past seven six or seven
Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah. OK, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see what happens. We'll do a little experiment and you can Google your way all the way through it. I can't believe she's making me do this disgusting thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Marty doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the morning. Also, what happens
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Putting in a little ritual now all the other sleep hygiene parts have to be there. No screen time an hour before bed. Don't go drink a big glass of water. I mean, unless your doctor tells you right do all the sleep hygiene stuff bed is only for snoozing and and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. No screen time
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, let's see what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, except those five minutes.
Right.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, so it says every night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what happens.
Lyndsey Lorett: All right, let's see how this week goes, let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's have another time to be
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so moving into next week and your group day is Tuesday, so we won't make it on Tuesday. That's, that's for sure. I already have something I already have a 7am
Gwenevere Abriel: And if it works, that'd be great because you you'd have lots of rest. Already we already have will eighth at seven in the morning. We just have to hold off.
Lyndsey Lorett: No know
Lyndsey Lorett: April.
Gwenevere Abriel: April 8 at seven in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, already have it in there.
Lyndsey Lorett: Let's do it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Why are because I don't like sleeping in the morning when my son is up and bright tailed, you know, like singing songs and yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Brief
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, show empathy. Okay. Tactical empathy tactical empathy. Don't repeat don't repeat that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, brave technical and please do not give them ammunition no content to not give them anything to argue about
Gwenevere Abriel: All you say is it sounds so important. I'm going to go now. For me, my way. Here's my be too intense. You can't get away with this, but I would say, let me see how much of that is true for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where I hold on to myself I don't take the whole truckload that's my food.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're going to have to find a phrase that doesn't Ignite them.
Lyndsey Lorett: But slowly pulling onto your truth, you're gonna have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Find a phrase that works for them. It doesn't piss them off.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want you to like all you because there's this neat little like
Lyndsey Lorett: No, I'm fighting for me. My all of me.
Lyndsey Lorett: That's right. I'm fighting so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's try those couple things. See what happens. My guess is. She'll. She'll run out, she'll have to leave the room and go make up a story about what you just said won't be true, but she makes up stories. Anyway, so what differences.
Lyndsey Lorett: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you on Tuesday.
Lyndsey Lorett: All right, thanks. When